Add $(CMD) prefixing with SIM_CMD_PREFIX (#2615)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/building.rst

      to set the random seed value if :envvar:`RANDOM_SEED` is not set.
      If both ``+ntb_random_seed`` and ``+seed`` are set, ``+ntb_random_seed`` is used.

.. make:var:: SIM_CMD_PREFIX

      Prefix added to invocations of $(CMD)

>       Can be used to add environment variables or prefixed commands to invocations of $(CMD).

Reviewer: Might suggest `Prefix for simulation command invocations.`

      to set the random seed value if :envvar:`RANDOM_SEED` is not set.
      If both ``+ntb_random_seed`` and ``+seed`` are set, ``+ntb_random_seed`` is used.

.. make:var:: CMD_PREFIX

      Prefix added to invocations of $(CMD)

>       Can be used to add environment variables or prefixed commands to invocations of
>       $(CMD). This feature has been motivated by `issue 644 <https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/issues/644>`_
>       to work work around issues with conflicting dynamic libraries. In these situations
>       users can set ``CMD_PREFIX := LD_PRELOAD="foo.so bar.so"`` to force a particular
>       library.

Reviewer: Convention is 1 sentence per line and I don't think you should mention motivation in reference documentation.

```suggestion
      Can be used to add environment variables or prefixed commands to invocations of $(CMD).
      For example, ``CMD_PREFIX='LD_PRELOAD="foo.so bar.so"'`` can be used to force a particular library to load.
      Or, ``CMD_PREFIX="gdb --args"`` to run the simulation with the GDB debugger.
```

>       .. versionadded:: 1.5.3

Author: I've set it to `1.5.3`, but we might want to wait on a major release?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. versionadded:: 1.6.0
```

The master branch is for the next feature release. If this were to go into a patch release this commit would need to be cherry-picked into the `stable/1.5` branch. Since this is a new non-breaking feature and not a bugfix, it should go in the next feature release.
